Unknown Speaker  0:01  
I'd like to share a few thoughts on frozen head State Park. The first time I went to frozen head was with our neighborhood friends, and their friends and all of our children. There were three kids and three dads when we went. And it was the first time I've gone camping with my son.

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
When we pulled up, our friends were at the playground by the creek creek that flows through frozen bed. And my son instantly seemed happy to be there. I remember getting out and playing and running back and forth between the campsite and the playground. As we approached the thing, we made dinner, and my son did great play with tractors and with the other kids that time. But as I started to get late, and later, sleep seemed like he was going to be in trouble. After watching cartoons at the turn for around 45 minutes, I said didn't seem any closer to falling asleep. And I was starting to become anxious about what would happen. One point he was insisting on going in the car, ostensibly, because he thought they would help us to get home back to his bed. I obliged for a minute, which maybe was not a good call. But we went into the car and he insisted on sitting in his car seat. Period not looking good. I was feeling close to my wit's end, it was around 11pm. Both of my friends were asleep. We didn't seem anywhere close to falling asleep in the car. I started thinking about what we would need to do the next day to come back to get our stuff. When we drove home. Making it home after midnight. I remember my son asking What a noise was I forget exactly how the conversation unfolded. But he said something like, is that a motorcycle? And I said something like no, I don't think so. And then he said, Ted,

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
and I asked him tent.

Unknown Speaker  2:53  
And we headed back into the tent. And he promptly fell asleep. This was one of those moments that actually like was big. Maybe in retrospect, a few weeks or months later, we would have had a camping trip and this seemingly important event wouldn't have come on. But it felt like a huge breakthrough for me, for my son and for us.

Unknown Speaker  3:21  
And that we could have gone home back to his bed. And he could have

Unknown Speaker  3:27  
cried or continued to not fall asleep. And we were really close to him. But we decided to stay and the amount of confidence and joy they gave me was hard to describe

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
