Unknown Speaker  0:02  
I wanted to use this time to talk a little bit about Abrams Creek. Abrams Creek is sort of essential. I think the reason why it's special is partially because of good memories that we've had there. When we moved to Knoxville in May of 2018, my brother and I decided to go on a short overnight backpacking trip. Areas Creek was the closest part of the Smokies to Knoxville and we were hoping that my parents and wife and son could come and join us. I remember when we were walking in we were quickly surrounded by massive airbox. And it just felt like a magical place. Our first night, we camped at the backcountry site, just about a mile and from the trailhead. In the next morning, we ran to Abrams Falls. And then back to me, my parents wife and little one I had no idea what to expect was our first trip to the Smokies and I had very few reference points. Another moment I remember was rounding a corner to approach a rooms halls. There was something about it that felt like you were just entering somewhere different. I think this could have to do with the geography of the area in that Abrams is the lowest trailhead in the park. And so in a sense, the area around the trailhead is distinct from the rest of the park. But as you approach Abrams Falls, you approach the Cades Cove area, comma, the elevation is considerably higher, comma, and it feels a little bit different. Not that the area outside is not special, but it just feels different. I think if I could capture my experience of the Smokies little moments like this where you turn a corner on a hiking trail, and then there's someplace magical

Unknown Speaker  3:10  
that's far from the only place where I've experienced this. Another example was also on the Cades Cove area. This was near an area called Point host sync. I got hiking with my son and friend and his two children on the schoolhouse gap trail a good if not slightly.

Unknown Speaker  3:38  
On. Exciting trail. But halfway through two people asked us where white oak sticks are having not heard of it before we looked on the map and saw it looked like it was basically in the middle of nowhere with no trails to it. After talking with several more people, we learned that white oak sick is a steep wildflower area. That is especially gorgeous around April, the time that we were there. We found the not on maps trail to widow sick and had out there with her kids. And something changed. Far after beating on the trail. It seemed like a different place where the trees were a bit larger and the sun a bit brighter. And there was just a permeating sense that this was simply special one last story that captures him smoking magic was heading with my wife it's not to backcountry site 18 Not to camp but just to use that area. As a stopping point on an approximately three mile hike, The hike was good and the weather was great. But when we got to the countryside, there was just something in there. The light was perfect. The two creeks that flowed together are magical. And there were butterflies everywhere. Our son couldn't stop giggling and chasing them I can go on with stories like this of the Father's day hike in Abrams Creek or riving. Up at Mount Collins on January hike with my friend Kevin. Or coming down to our caves from Ellicott for the first time

Unknown Speaker  6:06  
or seeing Big Creek with my son these are the kinds of things that capture this book.

Unknown Speaker  6:20  
Notably, none of them necessarily involve most famous parts of the park. Sometimes they do but more often they don't get more subtle and surprising and rewarding.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
